hey what's up guys CJ here VP monkey
first of all I want to thank everyone
that voted on ACF's vaping vid contest I
took first on one of my vids and I want
to thank everyone that's on my channel
everyone that's subscribed everyone that
voted thank you very much
I've been optimized my video settings
right now so it should be clear I even
got a new camera that's on the way it
was either that or vape fests
so I really really wanted to go to vape
fest but I figured I'd be more prepared
for Vegas so anyways this vid goes to
kick bass vapors monkey bread to those
that never had monkey bread including me
I went on the internet it's a type of
loaf cake breakfast type of dessert and
the main ingredients is sugar cinnamon
and melted butter and sometimes chopped
pecans so I'll give you guys a quick
vape on this this is 6040 VG PG with 6
grams of nicotine and I'm running it on
a 6 volt Silver Bullet running on a high
voltage 801 atomizer from I can bait so
here we go
as you guys can see the vapor production
is there as for the flavor it's rockin I
mean just like my previous video the
flavors is just subtle I mean when you
vape you have that hint of cinnamon with
that sugary flavor and it's just right
so I mean if you saw my previous video
b.o.b oMG is gone
I mean it's so good I ordered 30
milliliters on my next order but if you
haven't seen my previous video cake
massive vapor their website is still
under construction but you could go on
their site and then get the settings as
you want you could change the nicotine
level the VG PG mix you can even add
extra flavoring and for 6.54 a 15
milliliter bottle and then another 6
bucks for 30 milliliters I mean that's
not a bad bad deal at all I mean it's
really really good especially with their
flavor and you go to ECF the link is
down below go ahead and PM Bob he will
send you a PayPal and you go ahead and
pay for that and you either get the same
day shipping or next day and when you
get your package you don't get the
standard you know printed invoice like
this is what you got you get your
flavors along with a personalized
message from Bob and usually it relates
to fishing so other than that I really
recommend monkey bread and most of their
flavors that I tried and since this is a
video short I'll give you guys a quick
review on the other flavor I got which
is strawberry pie I went ahead and got
this flavor because I never tried
strawberries so I went ahead and tried
it and I'll give you guys a quick vape
on it it's the same mix 6040 VG PG
running at 6 milligrams of nicotine so
here we go
one more
the strawberry is there the flavor is
really really good and if you guys know
and are into like fruit flavors the
strawberry pie is not the type of you
know Jolly Rancher type of flavor that
you get from like decaying juices fruit
flavors or other fruits fruit juices but
um this strawberry you get it when you
in vape and when you exhale it it has
that creamy creamy flavor so it's really
really good it's like just like the
previous flavor it's not overwhelming
it's just right and I highly recommend
this as well and along with other
flavors that I have so once again this
is kick bass vapor
I recommend it threads below and once
again thank you to everyone that's
watching I have more vids coming and
this is vaping monkey peace out oh by
the way a couple updates and tips and
tricks cherry vape Cheryl your cannon
drip tip I probably left it at work but
I'll do a review this Wednesday and so
far I recommend it for the 306 atomizer
it hasn't leaked there was no no leakage
Ness and the drip went through and I'll
give a quick update on that on Wednesday
and for a couple tips on this right here
is a box I got from Staples it's called
the really useful box there's three
sizes this is the one that costs two
dollars as you guys can see it fits 10
milliliter bottles perfectly and right
through it you can put the either the
battery case for your four three volt
batteries or two eighteen 650s and since
there's a space on top you can put
another 15 milliliter bottle on top or
your atomizers and stuff I mean it might
it might sound cheesy but this box holds
everything perfectly and another thing
that I notice is to those that use an
adapter for like their PBS like if
you're using a different atomizer and
sometimes when you vape it gets slippery
where you try to you know unscrew twist
it off all you have to do is use either
masking tape or rubber band just tie a
rubber man here and the grip and it'll
just twist right off so that's a couple
tips that I want to share with you guys
hope this helps and once again baby
monkey peace out